Create rule S6402[terraform] Creating DNS zones without DNSSEC enabled is security-sensitive (#691)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6402/description.adoc

Domain Name Systems (DNS) are vulnerable by default to various types of attacks.

One of the biggest risks is DNS cache poisoning, which occurs when a DNS accepts spoofed DNS data, caches the malicious records, and potentially sends them later in response to legitimate DNS request lookups. This attack typically relies on the attacker's https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Man-in-the-middle_attack[MITM] ability on the network and can be used to redirect users from an intended website to a malicious website.

> To prevent these vulnerabilities, Domain Name System Security Extensions (DNSSEC) ensure integrity and authenticity of DNS data by digitally signing DNS zones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent these vulnerabilities, Domain Name System Security Extensions (DNSSEC) ensure the integrity and authenticity of DNS data by digitally signing DNS zones.
```

> Domain Name Systems (DNS) are vulnerable by default to various types of attacks. One of the biggest risks is DNS cache poisoning which occurs when a DNS accepts spoofed DNS data, caches the malicious records, and potentially sends them later in response to legitimate DNS request lookups. This attack typically relies on the attacker's https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Man-in-the-middle_attack[MITM] ability on the network and can be used to redirect users from an intended website to a malicious website.
> 
> Domain Name System Security Extensions (DNSSEC) provides a way to verify integrity of DNS data by digitally signing DNS zones. Note that DNSSEC doesn't encrypt DNS data, so their confidentiality is not guaranteed. DNSSEC involves a chain of trust to ensure that the public key of a DNS zone used to validate signatures can be trusted, to do this the parent DNS zone adds a "fingerprint" of the child zone public key in a "DS record" and sign it with its own private key, and so on until the root zone.

Reviewer: Multiple suggestions in this comment:

1. I suggest adding hard line breaks to help the reader breathe in between paragraphs. I added some comas and fixed a minor typo 
2. I think this sentence ``This attack typically relies on the attacker's https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Man-in-the-middle_attack[MITM] ability on the network and can be used to redirect users from an intended website to a malicious website.`` create an overload of information that could be added in the future with the education framework, in a different section of the RSpec. Here, a casual DevOps will just freak out or misunderstand half of it. 
  - I suggest that we keep it in mind and benefit from the education framework, where we will most probably specify new RSpec sections (I'm thinking about the 'attacker point of view' section). WDYT ?
3. Else, for the last paragraph, another wording suggestion to make smaller paragraphs
---

```suggestion
Domain Name Systems (DNS) are vulnerable by default to various types of attacks. +
One of the biggest risks is DNS cache poisoning, which occurs when a DNS accepts spoofed DNS data, caches the malicious records, and potentially sends them later in response to legitimate DNS request lookups. +

Domain Name System Security Extensions (DNSSEC) provide a way to verify the integrity of DNS data by digitally signing DNS zones. +
Note that DNSSEC doesn't encrypt DNS data, so their confidentiality is not guaranteed. 

DNSSEC helps ensure that the public key of a DNS zone used to validate signatures can be trusted. To do this, the DNSSEC chain of trust consists in : 

* The parent DNS zone adds a "fingerprint" of the child zone public key in a "DS record"
* The parent DNS zone signs it with its own private key
* And this process continues from child zone to child zone until the root zone.
```

Reviewer 2: I agree except for 2.

- I don't know how and when the education framework will allows us to do this kind of shortcuts so it's a bit weird to create a rule description accordingly to a framework that doesn't exist yet. 
- the idea, about explaining that MITM is a requirement for the cache poisoning attack, was related to the suggested recommendation later in the rule description (if the DNS is on the private network then the risk of MITM might be lower).

Reviewer: Hmm ok, I see your point yeah

Reviewer 2: I still rephrased in my last commit the "recommended solutions" part to make the MITM stuff relation more obvious.

Reviewer: Ok, I'll just remake my suggestion to only make appear the paragraph breaks

Reviewer 2: At least on my asciidoc preview on vscode it's ok on my side

Reviewer: yes ! actually I didn't refresh the page, it works now
